Summarised the geometric meaning of push-forwards and pullbacks (#135)
JuliaDiff/ChainRules.jl: docs/src/index.md

``\dfrac{∂f}{∂x}=\mathrm{pushforward}_{h(b)|b=g(x)}\left(\left.\dfrac{∂g}{∂a}\right|_{a=x}\right)``

##### Geometric interpretation of reverse and forwards mode AD

Let us think of our types geometrically. In other words, elements of a type form a _manifold_.
This document will explain this point of view in some detail.

###### Some terminology/conventions.

> Let ``p`` be an element of type M, which is defined by some assignment of numbers ``x_1,...,x_m``,

Author: You're right in saying that manifold should imply smoothness. 

I wish to interpret things geometrically, which is to say I am interested in some geometric structure beyond the "set" of elements. Sometimes the word "space" is used. Smoothness isn't necessarily something we want to think about: Push-forwards and pull-backs can be defined without it.

say ``(x_1,...,x_m) = (a_1,...,1_m)`` 

> A _function_ ``f:M -> K`` on ``M`` is (for simplicity) a polynomial ``K[x_1, ... x_m]``

Author: I'm not sure what the right set of functions in the AD context is. I don't think "smooth" or even "analytic" are exactly right. I feel these two kind of imply a-priori definition of symbolic derivatives, infinite limits or some sort of finite differences.

I think we basically combining rational functions with look-ups? (add, subtract, multiply, divide, lookup table)

The tangent space ``T_pM`` of ``T`` is the ``K``-vector space spanned by derivations ``d/dx``. 

> The tangent space acts linearly on the space of functions. They act as usual on functions. Our starting point is 

Author: Curves are a nice interpretation of tangent vectors, but I'm not convinced they are the right one for AD, since I don't think they necessarily add anything. 

For reference, we can define an isomorphism 
maps from the first order neighborhood of 0 in ``K`` (infinitesimal curves)  -> tangent space at ``p`` 
by considering the derivation in the direction of the curve.

that we know how to write down ``d/dx(f) = df/dx``.

The collection of tangent spaces ``{T_pM}`` for ``p\in M`` is called the _tangent bundle_ of ``M``.

> Let ``df`` denote the first order information of ``f`` at each point. This is called the differential of ``f``. 

Author: The distinction between tangents and functions as duals to one another is crucial here.

For example, Griehwank defines (IIRC) ``df`` at any ``p`` as the linear function, vanishing at ``p``, which approximates ``f`` to first order.  Notice that then, abusing terminology, we may write ``f = f(p) + df_p``

The technical definition should be as follows:
Let ``m`` be the set of functions vanishing at ``p``. Then there is a natural map from functions on ``M`` (rational functions with lookups, say, and let's denote it by ``K(M)``) to functions vanishing to order 1, i.e.``K(M) -> m/m^2, defined by ``f \mapsto f - f(p)`` modulo ``m^2``. This is precisely enough to algebraically specify rules of differentiation, and give us parametrisations of tangent and cotangent spaces.

dual to ``T_p``

The collection of cotangent spaces ``{T^*_pM}`` for ``p\in M`` is called the _cotangent bundle_ of ``M``.

###### Push-forwards and pullbacks

Let ``N`` be another type, defined by numbers ``y_1,...,y_n``, and let ``g:M -> N`` be a _map_, that is, 
an ``n``-dimensional vector ``(g_1, ..., g_m)`` of functions on ``M``.

We define the _push-forward_ ``g_*:TM -> TN`` between tangent bundles by ``g_*(X)(h) = X(g\circ h)`` for any tangent vector ``X`` and function ``f``.
We have ``g_*(d/dx_i)(y_j) = dg_j/dx_i, so the push-forward is equal to the Jacobian when written in coordinates.

Similarly, the pullback of the differential ``df`` is defined by
``g^*(df) = d(g\circ f)``. So for a coordinate differential ``dy_j``, we have
``g^*(dy_j) = d(g_j)``. Notice that this is a covector, and we could have defined the pullback by its action on vectors by
``g^*(dh)(X) = g_*(X)(dh) = X(g\circ h)`` for any function ``f`` on ``N`` and ``X\in TM``. In particular, 
``g^*(dy_j)(d/dx_i) = d(g_j)/dx_i``. If you work out the action in a basis of the cotangent space, you see that it acts

> by the adjoint of the Jacobian.

Reviewer: I might add:
```
Note that for complex functions, how you define the adjoint of the Jacobian depends on the basis you choose as covectors, for example ``dRe(z), dIm(z)`` or ``dz, dz̅``
```

Notice that the pullback of a differential and the pushforward of a vector have a very different meaning, and this should
be reflected on how they are used in code.

The information contained in the push-forward map is exactly _what does my function do to tangent vectors_.

> Pullbacks, acting on differentials of functions, act by taking the first order information of a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pullbacks, acting on differentials of functions, act by taking the total derivative of a function.
```

This works in a coordinate invariant way, and works without the notion of a metric.
_Gradients_ recall are vectors, yet they should contain the same information of the differential ``df``.
Assuming we use the standard euclidean metric, we can identify ``df`` and ``\nabla f`` as vectors.

> But pulling back gradients still should not be a thing.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure, what you mean here.
